W-10673838 veeva vault clean up (#1802)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: veevavault/1.3/modules/ROOT/pages/veevavault-connector-examples.adoc

. Configure the Database Connector configuration with your connection credentials.
. Enter the following text for the SQL Query Text field:
+
`>SELECT * FROM createdocuments`
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Flow Reference* component to reference the subflow `upload-files-on-vault-ftp-server`.
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *For Each* scope containing the following elements:
.. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Transform Message* component to transform document metadata into CSV format.
.. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Veeva Vault* and drag the *Create Documents* operation.
. Enter the following values for the Veeva Vault connection: +
* Username
* Password
* Vault URL
* Vault version
* Vault client ID
.. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Database* and drag the *Bulk insert* operation to insert the document created status data into the database table.
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Logger* component to log information in the console or log file.

=== Create the Second Flow

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Logger* component to log information for this subflow.

Reviewer: Is there any configuration needed for the components that follow besides the global element for FTPS?

= Veeva Vault Connector 1.3 Examples - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::veevavault/veevavault-connector-examples.adoc

The following examples show how to configure the connector in Anypoint Studio:

* <<create-documents-on-the-vault>>
* <<retrieve-document-details>>
* <<fetch-document-or-object-data>>
* <<validate-a-spark-message>>
* <<invoke-rest-api>>

[[create-documents-on-the-vault]]
== Create Documents on the Vault

> This example creates documents in bulk with document metadata fetched from an external source (database). Before creating documents on the Vault, the document files are uploaded using the Veeva Vault FTP server. The documents' `created` status is inserted into the database.

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should be saying "in Veeva Vault" rather than "on the Vault"?

Also, "insert into" > "insert in"

The following screenshots show the Studio app flows for this example:

image::veevavault-connector-create-documents-example.png[Create Documents operation Mule flow]

image::veevavault-connector-upload-documents-example.png[Upload Documents operation Mule flow]

=== Create the First Flow

. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *HTTP* and drag the *Listener* source to the canvas.
. Configure HTTP Listener for your environment.
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Database* and drag the *Select* operation to fetch document metadata from the table.

> . Configure the Database Connector configuration with your connection credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Configure Database Connector to use your connection credentials.
```
By "Database Connector" do we mean Anypoint Database Connector or a control labeled *Database Connector* or a nonproprietary database connector?

> . Enter the following text for the SQL Query Text field:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enter the following text in the *SQL Query Text* field:
```

+

> `>SELECT * FROM createdocuments`

Reviewer 2: ...or consider
". In the *SQL Query Text* field, enter `>SELECT * FROM createdocuments`."

Author: much better

. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Flow Reference* component to reference the subflow `upload-files-on-vault-ftp-server`.
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *For Each* scope containing the following elements:
.. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Transform Message* component to transform document metadata into CSV format.

> .. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Veeva Vault* and drag the *Create Documents* operation.

Reviewer 2: Please review the previous two steps and substeps (Lines 32 through 35) for clarity: none of them state _where_ to drag the component/scope/operation, and the substeps are introduced in such a way that they would actually be list items (rather than steps) of things contained in the *For Each* scope.

My best guess/inclination is to either make each of these four steps into separate first-level steps and include the destination to which the item is dragged. 
OR
The only step that really seems to qualify for substeps is...
```suggestion
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag <to this location> the following items:
* The *Flow Reference* component, to reference the subflow `upload-files-on-vault-ftp-server`
* The *For Each* scope, which includes the *Transform Message* component, to transform document metadata into CSV format
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Veeva Vault* and drag the *Create Documents* operation.
```

> . Enter the following values for the Veeva Vault connection: +

Reviewer 2: Should we tell the audience where to enter these values? ". In <this location>, enter..."?

* *Username*
* *Password*
* *Vault URL*
* *Vault version*
* *Vault client ID*

> .. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Database* and drag the *Bulk insert* operation to insert the document created status data into the database table.

Reviewer 2: Why is this a substep to Line 36?

Also, the wording is confusing: are we instructing the user to drag *Bulk insert" to the database table, or are we saying that dragging *Bulk insert* (to some unspecified location) inserts the data to the table?
In this and the previously commented-on steps, be sure to clarify between _location dragged to_ and _purpose_ of item dragged.

Author: Good catch! Fixed both

> .. Configure the Database Connector configuration with your connection credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Configure Database Connector to use your connection credentials.
```

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Logger* component to log information in the console or log file.

Reviewer 2: drag where vs. to do what?

=== Create the Second Flow

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Logger* component to log information for this subflow.

Reviewer 2: Drag the *Logger* component _where_?

. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *For Each* scope containing the following elements:
.. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Logger* component.
.. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *FTPS* and drag the *Read* operation.
.. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Logger* component.

> .. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *FTPS* and drag the *Write* operation to write the file to the Veeva Vault FTP server.

Reviewer 2: This has the same issue as above: the substeps unnecessarily (select Core) and inconsistently (select Core vs. select FTPS) repeat the navigation and selection process, do not provide a located dragged to, and use substeps to complete an introduction to named elements (which would be listed but not steps).

If these edits do not make sense to you, I suggest showing these texts to a peer who is more familiar with the UI and the goal to see if the edits make better sense to them.

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag another *Logger* component.

Reviewer 2: where?

> . Configure the FTPS Connector configuration with the credentials for the Veeva Vault FTP server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Configure FTPS Connector to use the credentials for the Veeva Vault FTP server.
```

> === XML for the Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== XML for the Creating Documents in Veeva Vault Example
```
I initially got confused by the hierarchy and thought that this was the code for only the second flow.

> Paste this code into your Studio XML editor to quickly load the flow for this example into your Mule app:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Paste this code into your Studio XML editor to quickly load the two flows of this example into your Mule app:
```

        </on-error-propagate>
    </error-handler>
</flow>
----

[[retrieve-document-details]]
== Retrieve Document Details

This example retrieves document details based on document type, subtype, and classification and stores the document details in the database.

The following screenshot shows the Studio app flow for this example:

image::veevavault-connector-get-documents-example.png[Get Documents operation Mule flow]

. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *HTTP* and drag the *Listener* source to the canvas.
. Configure HTTP Listener for your environment.
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Veeva Vault* and drag the *Get Documents* operation.
. Enter the following values for the Veeva Vault connection: +
* Username
* Password
* Vault URL
* Vault version
* Vault client ID
. Click the respective refresh button to fetch the document type, subtype, and classification list.
. Select the document type, subtype, and classification from each of the respective drop-down lists.
. Add the document properties in the Document Properties list for your business requirements to incorporate the properties name in the VQL query to build dynamically.

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *For Each* scope containing the following elements:

Reviewer: Same question regarding the components. I would think you would have to configure the Database connector.

        <db:sql >INSERT into documents (id, external_id__v, responseStatus) VALUES (:id: external_id__v, :responseStatus)
</db:sql>
    </db:bulk-insert>
    <logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="Document Created :: #[output application/json --- payload]"/>
    <error-handler >
        <on-error-propagate enableNotifications="true" logException="true" doc:name="On Error Propagate" type="ANY" >
            <logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="Flow Exception Handled --  #[payload]" />
        </on-error-propagate>
    </error-handler>
</flow>
----

[[retrieve-document-details]]
== Retrieve Document Details

> This example retrieves document details based on document type, subtype, and classification and stores the document details in the database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example retrieves document details based on document type, subtype, and classification and then stores the document details in the database.
```

The following screenshot shows the Studio app flow for this example:

image::veevavault-connector-get-documents-example.png[Get Documents operation Mule flow]

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *HTTP* and drag the *Listener* source to the canvas.

Reviewer 2: YES "to the canvas" = the "where" missing earlier.

. Configure HTTP Listener for your environment.

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Veeva Vault* and drag the *Get Documents* operation.

Reviewer 2: ...to the canvas? Clarify globally.

Author: Done

. Enter the following values for the Veeva Vault connection: +
* *Username*
* *Password*
* *Vault URL*
* *Vault version*
* *Vault client ID*
. Click the respective refresh button to fetch the document type, subtype, and classification list.
. Select the document type, subtype, and classification from each of the respective drop-down lists.
. Add the document properties in the Document Properties list for your business requirements to incorporate the properties name in the VQL query to build dynamically.
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *For Each* scope containing the following elements:
.. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Transform Message* component.
.. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Database* and drag the *Insert* operation.

> .. Configure the Database Connector configuration with your connection credentials.

Reviewer 2: Ditto prev. comments about substeps.

> . Configure the transformation according to your business requirements using DataWeave.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Using DataWeave, configure the transformation according to your business requirements.
```

. Configure the *Insert* operation to insert data into table.
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Set Payload* transformer to set a payload to return to the triggered source.

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Logger* component to log information in the console or log file.

Reviewer 2: drag to what location?

				output application/json
				---
				payload]]></ee:set-payload>
			</ee:message>
		</ee:transform>
		<file:write doc:name="Write" path="query.json" config-ref="File_Config" mode="APPEND">
			<file:content><![CDATA[#[output application/json
			---
			payload]]]></file:content>
						</file:write>

		</foreach>
		<set-payload value="#['Flow Completed']" doc:name="Set Payload" />
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="Query Operation flow Completed - #[payload]"/>
		<error-handler >
			<on-error-propagate enableNotifications="true" logException="true" doc:name="On Error Propagate" type="ANY">
				<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="Flow Exception Handled --  #[payload]"/>
			</on-error-propagate>
		</error-handler>
	</flow>
----

[[validate-a-spark-message]]
== Validate a Spark Message

This example triggers a Spark message from Veeva Vault and validates the Spark message.

The following screenshot shows the Studio app flow for this example:

image:veevavault-connector-spark-validator-example.png[Spark Validator operation Mule flow]

. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *HTTP* and drag the *Listener* source to the canvas.

> . The JKS certificate for HTTP Connector requires the .jks file for HTTP Listener to receive Spark messages over a TLS connection with Veeva Vault. +
> The following steps show how to create a .jks file using the Java Keytool located under the `<JDK_HOME>/bin` directory:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. The JKS certificate for HTTP Connector requires the `.jks` file for HTTP Listener to receive Spark messages over a TLS connection with Veeva Vault. +
The following steps show how to create a `.jks` file using the Java Keytool located under the `<JDK_HOME>/bin` directory:
```

. The JKS certificate for HTTP Connector requires the .jks file for HTTP Listener to receive Spark messages over a TLS connection with Veeva Vault. +
The following steps show how to create a .jks file using the Java Keytool located under the `<JDK_HOME>/bin` directory:
.	Run the following command from the `<JDK_HOME>/bin` directory:
+
		`keytool -genkey -keyalg RSA -alias mule -keystore spark-listener.jks -storepass password -validity 360 -keysize 2048`
+
		This creates a `spark-listener.jks` file in the current directory.

. Copy and import the `spark-listener.jks` file under the `src/main/resources` 	project directory.
. Configure HTTP Listener as follows:
.. In the *General* tab, configure the following:
		* Protocol: HTTPS
		* Host: 0.0.0.0
		* Port: 8082

.. In the *TLS* tab, configure the following:
		* Type: JKS
		* Path: spark-listener.jks
		* Alias: mule
		* Key Password: password
		* Password: password

. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Veeva Vault* and drag the *Spark Validator* operation.
. Enter the following values for the Veeva Vault connection: +
* Username
* Password
* Vault URL
* Vault version
* Vault client ID

> . Configure the *Spark Validator* parameters as follows:

Reviewer: Should these be field names instead of parameters (I think so)? If so, they should be bold.

		}]]]></db:input-parameters>
	</db:insert>
	</foreach>
	<set-payload value="#[output application/json --- payload.payload]" doc:name="Set Payload" />
	<logger level=__"INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="Document Details :: #[payload]"/>
	<error-handler >
	<on-error-propagate enableNotifications="true" logException="true" doc:name="Error Propagate" type="ANY" >
	<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="Flow Exception Handled -- #[payload]" />
	</on-error-propagate>
	</error-handler>
	</flow>
----

[[fetch-document-or-object-data]]
== Fetch Document or Object Data

> This example fetches document or object data from Veeva Vault using a VQL query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example uses a VQL query to fetch document or object data from Veeva Vault.
```

Reviewer 2: Just to explain my thinking on some of these "using" suggestions: although it is not likely, it is *possible* that a reader who is in a rush or for whom English is not a native language might mistake "from Veeva Vault using a VQL query" to mean that it is Veeva Vault using the query and not "you."

Author: This is a good point!

The following screenshot shows the Studio app flow for this example:

image:veevavault-connector-query-example.png[Query operation Mule flow]

. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *HTTP* and drag the *Listener* source to the canvas.
. Configure HTTP Listener for your environment.

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Veeva Vault* and drag the *Query* operation.

Reviewer 2: ditto previous edits

. Enter the following values for the Veeva Vault connection: +
* *Username*
* *Password*
* *Vault URL*
* *Vault version*
* *Vault client ID*
. Define the VQL query according to your business requirement.
. Add an input placeholder if used in the VQL query to incorporate dynamically with VQL at runtime.
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *For Each* scope containing the following elements:
.. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Transform Message* component.
.. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *File* and drag the *Write* operation.

> . Configure the transformation according to your business requirements using DataWeave.

Reviewer 2: ditto prev.

. Configure the File Connector configuration with the working file path.
. Configure the *Write* operation to write payload data into the specified file.
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Set Payload* transformer to set a payload to return to the triggered source.

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Logger* component to log information in the console or log file.

Reviewer 2: ditto re. location dragged to

			<veevavault:input-parameters ><![CDATA[#[{
				'table': 'documents'
			}]]]></veevavault:input-parameters>
		</veevavault:query>
		<foreach doc:name="For Each" >
		<ee:transform doc:name="Transform Message" >
			<ee:message >
				<ee:set-payload ><![CDATA[%dw 2.0
				output application/json
				---
				payload]]></ee:set-payload>
			</ee:message>
		</ee:transform>
		<file:write doc:name="Write" path="query.json" config-ref="File_Config" mode="APPEND">
			<file:content><![CDATA[#[output application/json
			---
			payload]]]></file:content>
						</file:write>

		</foreach>
		<set-payload value="#['Flow Completed']" doc:name="Set Payload" />
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="Query Operation flow Completed - #[payload]"/>
		<error-handler >
			<on-error-propagate enableNotifications="true" logException="true" doc:name="On Error Propagate" type="ANY">
				<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="Flow Exception Handled --  #[payload]"/>
			</on-error-propagate>
		</error-handler>
	</flow>
----

[[validate-a-spark-message]]
== Validate a Spark Message

> This example triggers a Spark message from the Vault and validates the Spark message.

Reviewer 2: GLOBAL: reconsider using "the Vault": I would replace with full prod name or with the common noun "vault."

The following screenshot shows the Studio app flow for this example:

image:veevavault-connector-spark-validator-example.png[Spark Validator operation Mule flow]

. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *HTTP* and drag the *Listener* source to the canvas.
. The JKS certificate for HTTP Connector requires the .jks file for HTTP Listener to receive Spark messages over a TLS connection with Veeva Vault. +
The following steps show how to create a .jks file using the Java Keytool located under the `<JDK_HOME>/bin` directory:

> .	Run the following command from the `<JDK_HOME>/bin` directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *HTTP* and drag the *Listener* source to the canvas.
. Run the following command from the `<JDK_HOME>/bin` directory:
```
If you do want to include that conceptual context in the task steps, be sure to format it as plain text rather than as a step.

+
		`keytool -genkey -keyalg RSA -alias mule -keystore spark-listener.jks -storepass password -validity 360 -keysize 2048`
+
		This creates a `spark-listener.jks` file in the current directory.

> . Copy and import the `spark-listener.jks` file under the `src/main/resources` 	project directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Copy and import the `spark-listener.jks` file from the `src/main/resources` project directory.
```

. Configure HTTP Listener as follows:
.. In the *General* tab, configure the following:
		* Protocol: HTTPS
		* Host: 0.0.0.0
		* Port: 8082

.. In the *TLS* tab, configure the following:
		* Type: JKS
		* Path: spark-listener.jks
		* Alias: mule
		* Key Password: password
		* Password: password

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Veeva Vault* and drag the *Spark Validator* operation.

Reviewer 2: ditto where

. Enter the following values for the Veeva Vault connection: +
* *Username*
* *Password*
* *Vault URL*
* *Vault version*
* *Vault client ID*
. Configure the *Spark Validator* parameters as follows:
	* Include Spark Header: `FALSE`
	* Public Key Path: `${file.keyPath}` +

> 		Define the `file.keyPath` property in the `configuration.yaml` with the path to where the public key file (00001.pem) is stored.

Reviewer 2: This sounds like a prerq....

	* Spark Headers: `#[attributes.headers]`
	* Spark Message: `#[payload]`

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Set Payload* operation onto the project canvas, and define the following in the *Value* field:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core*, drag the *Set Payload* operation onto the project canvas, and define the following in the *Value* field:
```

+
	----
	output application/json --- {
		"payload" : payload,
		"attributes": attributes
	}
	----
+
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Logger* component onto the project canvas to log the payload with the following message:
+
--------------------
	Spark Message :: #[payload]
--------------------

=== XML for the Example

Paste this code into your Studio XML editor to quickly load the flow for this example into your Mule app:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="spark-message-validator-operationFlow" >
    <http:listener doc:name="Listener" config-ref="Spark_Listener" path="/"/>
    <veevavault:spark-message-validator doc:name="Spark Validator" config-ref="Veeva_Vault_Config" publicKeyPath="${file.keyPath}" includeSparkHeader="TRUE"/>
    <set-payload value='#[output application/json --- {
			"payload" : payload,
			"attributes": attributes
		}]' doc:name="Set Payload" />
    <logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="Spark Message :: #[payload]"/>
</flow>
----

[[invoke-rest-api]]

> == Invoke REST API to Create a Single Document

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Invoke the REST API to Create a Single Document
```

> This example invokes REST API to create a single document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example invokes the REST API to create a single document.
```

The following screenshot shows the Studio app flow for this example:

image:veevavault-connector-invoke-rest-api-example.png[image,width=430,height=240]

. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *HTTP* and drag the *Listener* source to the canvas.
. Configure HTTP Listener for your environment.

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *File* and drag the *Read* operation and configure the file path to read from the file content that is associated with the Vault document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. From the *Mule Palette* view, select *File*, drag the *Read* operation <to this location>, and configure the file path to read from the file content that is associated with the vault document.
```

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Veeva Vault* and drag the *Invoke REST API* operation.

Reviewer 2: ditto where

}
----
+
[NOTE]

> You must configure the above parameters according to your requirements to invoke the Vault REST API.

Reviewer 2: Is there a way to add "according to your requirements" to the steps rather than separately in a NOTE...especially one that _follows_ the steps (theoretically already taken)?

	"Content-Type" : "multipart/form-data; boundary=abcdefg"
}]]]></veevavault:headers>
		</veevavault:invoke-rest-api>
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="Invoke Veeva API response :: #[payload]" />
	</flow>
----

== Templates

You can use Exchange templates for the following use cases:

* Integrate https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/c5788341-a495-4d6f-a931-875757082c63/filesystem-to-veeva-vault-template/[FileSystem to VeevaVault]

> * Integrate https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/c5788341-a495-4d6f-a931-875757082c63/veevavault-connector-project-templates/[VeevaVault to FileSystem]

Reviewer 2: Why are these one word, camel-case: FileSystem, VeevaVault? If they are names, they require a common noun object; if they are UI labels, they require bold; if they are common things, they should be lowercase and separate words.

> * Auto-approval of loan applications through https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/c5788341-a495-4d6f-a931-875757082c63/spark-message-solution-template/[Spark Message End Solution]

Reviewer 2: parallelism:
```suggestion
* Auto-approve loan applications through the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/c5788341-a495-4d6f-a931-875757082c63/spark-message-solution-template/[Spark message end solution]
```
